ulster and Ireland Center Darren cave
Darren it's been a bit of a whirlwind
season for you playing with Ulster and a
Heineken Cup final but we're now on the
eve of a barbarians game and a tour to
New Zealand can you tell us a little bit
about how you're feeling the last couple
months of proving the best months of my
life not even rugby just them so just
absolutely excited I loved plan for
Ulster in those big games and you know
and I it's nice to be back in the green
shirt it's been a while and I'm just
looking forward to getting right there
now you won your first two cops for
Ireland back in 2009 on a summer tour
slightly different opposition on this
summer tour this time facing new zealand
you're hoping to add to that cap tally I
take it yeah absolutely i mean it's been
a shame that i haven't sort of got the
opportunity to do add those cups before
and I but I think this is standard I
mean you saw in the cup final the
standard of Irish back play the minute
is extremely high and just the selection
hasn't gone my way but you know there's
three games there against new zealand
after the barbers game and you know i
don't know if declan's Plan B's the CM
team for every game but there might be
an opportunity to get a game there and
that's something that I'd relish and
ahead of that you mentioned the
barbarians game but that brings its own
challenges it doesn't it it's it's a
fairly star-studded barbarians and a
team that that is programmed to run the
ball so for you as a centre it could be
a very busy evening yeah and it's it's
incredibly exciting you know I've been
watching the barbarians for four years
and I've always admired the McCloud it's
brilliant i think the whole barbarians
club is absolutely fantastic and to play
against them as a great honor and
something that I'm very much looking
forward to given how they threw the ball
and and the names involved in the score
and the position you play it's an iconic
number for Irish rugby fans number 13
not least for yourself to take Brian
O'Driscoll shirt or from what are you
going to have to do that's a tough
question answer when you answer that I
throw it down with a couple years ago
Darren thanks very much and good luck on
the tour Cheers
you